---
id: 1091
title: 'Dream Notes 9/5-6/22'
date: '2022-09-07T04:17:35+00:00'
author: Ken
layout: post
guid: 'https://lifebydictionary.com/?p=1091'
categories:
    - 'Dream Journal'
---

The bus stop had a hostel nearby. People shuffled in and out of the rooms and lobby or courtyard as they waited for the next bus or train that left from the large concrete building designed in an 1930’s art deco fashion.station. The buses lined up on the west side, and the train tracks terminated and began on the east. The hostel’s campus stretched over several lots–row homes that had been converted to house the transient who were in-between destinations, and an old office building converted to temporarily house those who could afford a semi-private room and bathroom.

The poor rooms didn’t have any bunks. Floor room only. Find a spot and throw down your sleeping bag or the scratchy, small, green blanket the check-in employee provided you. Red shag carpet with thick padding covered the entire room. The floor was comfortable enough but the blanket was a horrible reminder of jail or the military. Those blankets kept you colder when it was cool and overheated when the room was warm. A goddamned modern technological wonder of opposite-engineering. Only a government could produce these blankets.

I missed a connection and had to crash for the night. I woke up and couldn’t find my wallet, phone, or keys. I had left Bobby’s Nissan 280z in a field that sat low off of the road. The car wouldn’t handle well and I couldn’t keep it straight in the lane. The side-grass caught the tire and pulled the car in. I tried to drive it out of the field but kept getting stuck in the high bushes and weed.

This is not chaotic or disjointed enough. Nobody has floated away yet. There is no dissolve in this universe. One just goes up, away, and somewhere else. There were women walking around in negligees. I remember seeing high leg and hint of ass. I remember a man getting his dick sucked by a homeless guy. I stopped and glanced. He said: “You don’t want any of this,” and he went back to servicing this frat boy. I would never find the car. Everything I owned was inside of it. A trash bag of t-shirts, a shoebox of cassette mixtapes. A few skateboard decks. My toolbag. Where was the car? I thought I parked it in the back. Thought I pushed it the last hundred feet near the dumpster. That heavy fucking car made of steel and little plastic. I could push/jump start it in almost any gear, anywhere. So much of ability is willpower.

Imagine not being able to find your car keys and you are up against the clock to be somewhere important. This is a life-changing opportunity and you have blown it. The simplest plan: be prepared, and you decided to throw all of everything into the trash heap of chance, and you went wild. You don’t know where your wallet is. You don’t know how you got back to your apartment. You woke up on the floor, stretched across the threshold in a mess of your own vomit. You pissed yourself. You smell of hot dog, pussy, sweat, bourbon. What is in your hair all glumped up?

The hostel grand room was about half-occupied and I found a place a couple of bodies away from the rear wall. The train horns never stopped. I fretted over the car. I shouldn’t have been so drunk to begin with. Maybe it wasn’t here at all. Maybe that was a dream, a quick lost thought that floated in and left with just a hint of what happened.

The anxiety of no money for another night or a ticket anywhere. Where was the car? The room kept filling up. A few small families with toddlers showed up. The loudness and the whining that made the other guests audibly complain to no one.

The lobby had these old couches with raggedy plaid cushions. There were families waiting for entry and their kids were jumping on the couches.

Once I went as a chaperone for a Cub Scouts camping trip. Hot and humid Florida panhandle late summer. Bugs. We let the boys fish a bit, and then put them around a fire and told tales.

I saw the woman on the other side of the fire. Sometimes the connection does all of the lifting.

The children drifted off to sleep, tired from a hike and a bunch of running all around. My son’s stepdad also chaperoned with me. We bunked in the same tent. I said my stomach was bubbling and I unzipped my way out into the woods. I knew where she’d be, smoking a few cigarettes. I had a small flask of bourbon and a soda with two foam cups and no ice. We made small talk for some minutes, and then walked off to kiss and touch each other. The dumb bodies doing the conversation.